Bring changes from rc2-prep back to develop branch (#274)
JoshOrndorff/recipes: CONTRIBUTING.md

The `master` branch contains stable, published code and is where release versions are tagged.
Released versions will always be in the history of the `master` branch. The code on `master` uses
published dependencies from `crates.io` and uses git dependencies only where absolutely necessary

> likely because relevant crates.io does not yet host the relevant crates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
likely because crates.io does not yet host the relevant crates.
```

Reviewer: An alternative:

```suggestion
likely because the relevant crates are not published yet.
```
My thinking is that in the future perhaps some crates will be published to our own crates registry, crates.parity.io so perhaps it's even a good idea to start avoiding `crates.io`?

Author: I also considered "not yet published" when I was first writing this. Decided I didn't like it because putting the code on github for others to use also counts as publishing.

### Develop Branch

The `develop` branch is where active development happens. It is where new recipes,
revisions, CI updates, and most other changes are merged. In order to keep up with the latest
Substrate development, the `develop` branch allows dependencies from git.

### Cutting a Release

It is time to tag a new release when either enough new features have been contributed that
releasing makes sense, or, more likely, Substrate itself has tagged a new release. The release

> process also follows gitflow. Creating a new release is usually initiated by the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
process also follows [GitFlow](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/comparing-workflows/gitflow-workflow). Creating a new release is usually initiated by the
```
